docs: simple basic status, account and product switcher docs (#3255)
twilio-labs/paste: packages/paste-website/src/pages/patterns/status/index.mdx

### Status badges

> For convience and consistency, we have created a [`StatusBadge`](/components/status-badge) component that can be used to compose a status icon with a text label.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the [`StatusBadge`](/components/status-badge) component to compose a status icon with a text label, usually when a status is shown outside of a Table. Common placements are near avatars (particularly for connectivity statuses), in cards, and in lists.
```

Reviewer: todo: remove the "Other common placements" section at the bottom of this page, and move the example from that section up here.

<LivePreview scope={{Box, StatusBadge}} language="jsx">

>   {`<Box display="flex" flexDirection="column" rowGap="space40">

Reviewer: todo: Replace the Status Badges in the sections below with just icon + text. These shouldn't use a badge since the border + color + font change adds unnecessary noise when looking at a lot of items together in a table layout:

- Positioning in a table
- Pairing process statuses with plain text statuses

Author: If it's not a blocker I'm going to skip this

Reviewer: sure, i'll ticket it for later
